o must exist from the river
already begins with a Greek groan
teaser teaser again I lived the sky
is something that if you talk a lot but little if you understood is the research
on embryonic stem cells on the one hand
say it's an open door
opening for the healing of hundreds of thousands without cure
on the other hand
is an open door for the manufacture of healthy supermen for
always and certainly white and blue-eyed
the Nazi dream
the person has to talk about it, he's a postdoctoral scientist on the subject
but still
is internationally-and much more so than it is
she was funny
O
this arc of possibilities that the scientist doubted
he is such a radical seer as
with the first crop explains roque in question by the border in the area by
what
reverse the facts
inter, that lost both of us, we do not have the capacity to see all that
imagine
that's what the cards indicate
are screens that one can take from embryos shortly after Khadafi with
nation
and if in the morning being they would normally
only goal in fertilization clinics the couple
go look for the psf assisted by got all the movies I wanted
Ahhhhhh
can get the site from assisted capture
We're going to hold meetings.
these embryos
ended up staying
discarded
that concord sides and if I do in life are discarded like you
explain it
to a select literate audience
What are the research on embryonic stem cells?
and what people will gain from it
from there that the meeting the issue the confrontation of
50 cent them
in 5 days after presentation
because you can remove this from this screen
you can have
generations have been
theoretically this time screen that turns any pc
in the body we have hope
from that cell
can form the future muscle training will get voting a screen
knocking
and who can not regenerate and seven wounded
given a person who has a problem with the specific aeg
understand that he occupied all
of transplants
Give it to me, give me a concrete example of God and talk nonsense.
I broke my arm whatever you want for the group in the arm
the little face
I have already been working with this already the approved text
in this test as correctly as each one has for the other the councilman
hand because people
there are still some risks
that we can get around the ect certainty
that of kido that this screen will do
but animals are doing
in Brazil and in the world
in the world is also not kill a follow-up captured in the rest of the world
do not attack
after the good is that we are not working with your ballast with the
cu of embryos
at the time of the adult stem cell exchange explains this
so the cartel that avoid a motorcycle wanted to adult tetanus to the hotel
current cup
in the bone marrow
in adipose tissue
in the dental pulp
in the umbilical cord
then the one that also has the potential in any way preferred
not all with an embryonic splint but some
and we are working with this tool so they are showing by
example to have
rapporteur
adipose tissue strip
she has the potential of muscle shape
of shape bear cartilage
and injecting nathan she has animal models in showing that this is
possible
then skip that childbirth
but the mullet in favor of humans suffer some satisfactory conclusion
about
Why do you do?
or what you do or you never called and for this
because I work with him outside
I always had a passion
by health science
and when I was in high school I fell in love with genetics
I was always fascinated by this thing, said
they gave it all because we are not
herbert motta features how it works
how does our body work
ah he's the whole history of apec that is dealing with the genome
and more recently the word genome
you can explain in an easy way for television viewers
the genome that all genetic material that we were from the pasusp there
what do you have dna
this DNA molecule when j
the Koran with sperms the new funorte
information here shock we will have
It's in the genome.
half bené metal mothers wanting to appear
and it seems that this consensus in brasilia with bonfim eyebrow hair
Anything is discovered if I'm your daughter's father.
the school intends not to well the hair strand has something as a whole
fiuk if you have a live screen
but we can because the mayor
I'm not even
with a good moment in the saliva
so what you
handmade coffee
and leave the ticket for coffee
There's rest of dna in the little girl. We have a lot less tried all this for everything.
The person next to the piece is drawing blood but it is not
Since then, everyone has been exporting and they have noticed the
In fact, it is a very interesting ethical question because he
we have it because I asked that the morning
the health insurance companies to decide
we take our well-being that discovers we have risk and even some diseases
high cost for example
one can tell
you can realize every time even more why not do
A borrowed material was then presented with an ethical question to
belongs to
our christmas is the dna that is discarded is our
once criticizing the player ll love
public it may have
reality has given me either
Do you think that's why it does not repeat itself?
that belongs
the person
because it is but it is a very important ethical question
and in the time that bathes the punishment
Paulo
and it's mine
can not you
he is an electrical part in the country
can not
I gave it good
although legal iml
fb
he is just like that
the box
Paulo
for that it is necessary the bea
every time it has a nathan coffee screen it is already totally in her type
O